everybody we're hanging out right here
at the Hyannis Comedy Jam that happens
every last Wednesday of the month he
gets crazy out here with all kinds of
crazy people
you got buckle in the holiday menu had a
good time out there oh man I had a blast
big shout-out to homies radio I could
not stop laughing man man I'm telling me
we got some crazy people out here man
look out for Paco dsi everybody in there
mama out here you got my boy Nardo here
from nano sports bar hey man the
official after-party is that Naros are
you ready for these crazy homeys right
we're ready everywhere so we get karaoke
night right after the homeys radio mid
maladies Comedy Jam go check it out not
a sports part and that's a nice talisman
let me live in South bikini style us up
a 30 Andy's friend come on down to Sears
I wanted me to send me some Barry
Manilow I don't know if you can sing
Barry Manilow in these sellers you know
hey we checking out all the crazy even
Ernie's a doorman showing up over here
was awareness I'm you know I'm doing it
with y'all guys doing a big did you have
a good time I had a great time one of
the funniest guy Flo it's really funny
man there you go man
I love ranting and raving and reviews
about everybody a mom out here what's
happened to mad DJ elements here with
the homies Nation TV we're here every
last Wednesday of the month
hi in his comedy club in Mockingbird
station
midnight you definitely tore it up today
boys four years none
was in you today baby
it was out in patron shots hey what's
happening Randy Ramon here homies Nation
the TV and hyena's comedy club in Dallas
we've actually graduated man we moved
from Arlington now to Dallas so Latinos
watch out because there we're not too
far away from Highland Park man if you
don't I'm saying you're funny man Marc
AG man you've you've been on Last Comic
Standing you've actually done a lot of
stuff major market man how does it feel
to be actually now branching out to a
bunch of Latinos now they were cool man
it was a nice crowd man they were
someone's kind of tough figuring out
what to talk about but I think
experiences Universal sing my dad so
raises he'd rather me did a white dude
than a black chick you felt kind of
uneasy about as far as doing Latino
jokes in front Latinos man how'd you get
over that dude oh no I think honestly
those the crowds to give them the most
magazine know what you know what you're
talking about sometimes white people
don't know any Mexican says you know he
was he did he did rock it tonight the
Latinos loved him the Mohicans here in
Dallas they did they love this guy so
watch out for him you're gonna be
heading to well you're gonna be heading
to Arlington and then we're after our
Arlington after that Des Moines is there
any Latinos in Des Moines they're gonna
be actually taking the weekend off that
we can right there so watch out Des
Moines out if you you got asked out
there in Des Moines make sure you let
them know that that marks on the way up
there man now anything you want to
highlight on you as far as coming up
future plans my future plans are to have
some more beers tonight and then talk
some hot latina women as
actually I can't really say that I'm
married so you can go a lot faster on
your weight on the Internet that's
Marchesi man that's one of the point one
of the funniest communes we've ever had
here the mean Monty comedy jam so make
sure you look out for him in the future
about appreciate you mark appreciate you
bro thanks man
they know how miss captain love ran your
mind right here homies nation TV man
what's up yeah we got Daniel boom in the
house what's up man hey how's it going
man George the show sort of join us of
course it is it every month every last
Wednesday every last minute but then I'm
going to show you don't want to miss I
had a great time my first time checking
it out I recommend it to everybody there
you go man Daniel boom right there
homies radio doing it every month all
cons be wait we got a scarface scarface
they call you Scarface man you know
saying there's a little thing right here
them up do you just do that do you have
a plea just put makeup on there so girls
can be I like the gangster that's the
real thing baby that's the real thing
ain't nothing wrong with that what
didn't work baby a lot of people out
here hanging out be a part of the big
Comedy Jam every month the last
Wednesday of the month right here at the
Mockingbird station in Dallas good
people out here we got my boy salad man
right here let's add what's up man wait
how you're doing a man you had a good
time tonight I mean I had a great time
you know I'm glad I came out and
everything was good yes I did good man I
saw you got in the booty contest I
almost won you know second place yeah
he's like first place nothing wrong with
that
did you have a good time tonight oh man
I had a great time you know I'm really
glad I came out and everything was good
I'm glad we got a young lady right here
hey you have a good time tonight yeah I
had a great time did you meet any guys
tonight no no guys there's a guy over
there you just got out of loose there it
I can hook you want to talk to your
brain right that's your buddy tell about
the same girl what are you gonna wear
that's good that's good nothing wrong
with that yeah I have a good time right
that the party is crazy every month
right here at hyena's comedy jam get
ready because it happens every month we
got more homies nation TV don't go
nowhere
yes what's up it's your girl lolly here
with homies Nation TV don't forget to
check out my show every Saturday 4 to 8
I'm here with the homie chat room how
are you guys doing yeah we're chillin
with chilling
scars a little bit loaded tonight are
you drunk a little bit yeah ok I'm
loaded all righty this is my good friend
Campbell you got any shoutout we kick it
out to everybody for the chat room and
from homies radio holla all right Jess
you got an e shoutout just to my kids
quiz I'm Brianna and my sister and my
nephew and his fiance Miranda
all righty and who do we got behind me
Oh
yeah I want to kick a shout out to all
my ally barn security service members
all righty Trish you got any shoutouts
yes we can't forget about angels
standing in the black over there okay I
bet we get some back